# Homework 9

Use the R file provided along with this homework. Submit completed files to
demonstrate your results. Please name your submission after your last name. Include
your Full-name, Matriculation number and email id in your submission file.
Exercise 1 Installation instructions
R programming language is one of the top programming platforms extensively used
for data science and statistical analysis. Follow the below instructions to install
integrated development environment for R.

## 1. To Install R

a. Open an internet browser and go to www.r-project.org.
b. Click the "download R" link in the middle of the page under "Getting
Started."
c. Select a CRAN location (a mirror site) and click the corresponding link.
d. Click on the "Download R for (Mac) OS X" link at the top of the page.
e. Click on the file containing the latest version of R under "Files."
f.
Save the .pkg file, double-click it to open, and follow the installation
instructions.
g. Now that R is installed, you need to download and install RStudio.


## 2. To Install RStudio

a. Go to www.rstudio.com and click on the "Download RStudio" button.
b. Click on "Download RStudio Desktop."
c. Click on the version recommended for your system, or the latest Mac version,
save the .dmg file on your computer, double-click it to open, and then drag
and drop it to your applications folder.

## Exercise 2 Installation instructions (10 Points)
Read the R file provided along with the dataset. The goal is to use ‘e1071’ package
from R to build kernel SVM model on a sample dataset.

1. Read and understand the R file provided along with the homework.
2. Five key elements are missing in the R implementation of the Kernel SVM namely,
	a. Test train split
	b. Feature scaling
	c. Fitting Kernel SVM to the Training set
	d. Predicting the Test set results
	e. Creating the Confusion Matrix
3. Complete the missing parts using the libraries mentioned in the code.
4. Build a Decision Tree on the same dataset by repeating the above steps. 
Use R package of your choice.
5. Compare confusion matrix generated by Decision Tree against prior implementation of Kernel SVM.
